Add running Ansible roles upon host registration (#3320)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_running-ansible-roles-during-host-registration.adoc

[id="running-ansible-roles-during-host-registration"]
= Running Ansible roles during host registration

You can run Ansible roles when you are registering a host to {Project}.

.Prerequisites
ifndef::satellite[]
* Ansible integration is enabled on {Project}.
For more information, see {ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocURL}Enabling_Ansible_Integration_with_{project-context}_ansible[Enabling Ansible integration with {Project}] in _{ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

> * The required Ansible roles have been imported to {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The required Ansible roles have been imported from your {SmartProxy} to {Project}.
```

If you register a host to Smart Proxy Server, then you'd need to import the Ansible roles from your Smart Proxy server into Foreman.

See Configure > Ansible > Roles; then click import and you will see a list of Smart Proxies. I assume that you need to import them from the proper Smart Proxy that the host is registered to.
